Add debugging output to GetHostDockerInternalIP() for #4803 (#4813)
ddev/ddev: docs/content/users/debugging-profiling/step-debugging.md

Here are basic steps to take to sort out any difficulty:

> * Delete existing PhpStorm "servers" in settings, or recreate the vscode launch.json exactly as shown in the instructions here.

Reviewer: Product name + backticks for filename: 

```suggestion
* Delete existing PhpStorm "servers" in settings, or recreate the VS Code’s `launch.json` file exactly as shown in the instructions here.
```

Author: ```suggestion
* Delete existing PhpStorm "servers" in settings, or recreate VS Code’s `launch.json` file exactly as shown in the instructions here.
```

Reviewer: Whoops, good catch!

Author: Finally found a nit on @mattstein !

* Remember the port in play is port 9003.
* Reboot your computer.
* If you're running WSL2 and have PhpStorm running inside WSL2 (the Linux version of PhpStorm) then `ddev config global --xdebug-ide-location=wsl2`.
* Temporarily disable any *firewall* or *VPN* if you’re having trouble. Xdebug is a network protocol, and the PHP process inside the web container must be able to establish a TCP connection to the listening IDE (PhpStorm, for example).
* Use `ddev xdebug on` to enable Xdebug when you want it, and `ddev xdebug off` when you’re done with it.
* Set a breakpoint at the first executable line of your `index.php`.
* Tell your IDE to start listening. (PhpStorm: click the telephone button, VS Code: run the debugger.)

> * Use `curl` or a browser to create a web request. For example, `curl https://d9.ddev.site` or just `ddev exec curl localhost`.

Reviewer: Run commands and avoid “just”: 

```suggestion
* Use `curl` or a browser to create a web request. For example, `curl https://d9.ddev.site` or run `ddev exec curl localhost`.
```

* Set a breakpoint in the first relevant line of your `index.php` and then visit the site in a browser. It should stop at that first line.
* If you’re using PhpStorm inside WSL2 (or perhaps other Linux configurations), go to *Help* → *Edit Custom VM Options* and add an additional line: `-Djava.net.preferIPv4Stack=true` This makes PhpStorm listen for Xdebug using IPv4; the Linux version of PhpStorm seems to default to using only IPv6.
* If you’re on WSL2 using Docker Desktop, make sure that the `docker` command is the one provided by Docker Desktop. `ls -l $(which docker)` should show a link to `/mnt/wsl/docker-desktop...`. If you’re on WSL2 using Docker installed inside WSL2, make sure that `ls -l $(which docker)` is *not* a link to `/mnt/wsl`.

> * You can `export DDEV_DEBUG=true` and `ddev start` to get information about how `host.docker.internal` is figured out; this can help in some situations, especially with WSL2. (`host.docker.internal` inside the web container is where Xdebug thinks it should connect to your IDE. You can see what it is set to with `ddev exec ping host.docker.internal`.)

Reviewer: Run commands:

```suggestion
* You can run `export DDEV_DEBUG=true` and `ddev start` to get information about how `host.docker.internal` is figured out, which can help in some situations especially with WSL2. (`host.docker.internal` inside the web container is where Xdebug thinks it should connect to your IDE. You can see what it is set to by running `ddev exec ping host.docker.internal`.)
```
